STREAMS-2215-oauth2-support-http-poller (#122)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/publishers/publisher-http-poller.md

| url                           | yes       | none           | Target URL to request  |
| pollingPeriod                 | no        | PT5S (5 sec)   | Period at witch the target URL will be requested. Min: PT0.5S Max: PT1H. Visit [ISO-8601 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) for details. |
| headers                       | no        | none           | Map of key/value pairs that will be injected as HTTP headers when requesting the target URL |

> | authorization                 | no        | none           | Authorization configuration for the HTTP Poller publisher, refer to [Authorization section](/docs/publishers/publisher-http-poller/#authorization-with-oauth-2-0) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| authorization                 | no        | none           | Authorization configuration, refer to [Authorization section](/docs/publishers/publisher-http-poller/#authorization-with-oauth-2-0) |
```

| url                           | yes       | none           | Target URL to request  |
| pollingPeriod                 | no        | PT5S (5 sec)   | Period at witch the target URL will be requested. Min: PT0.5S Max: PT1H. Visit [ISO-8601 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) for details. |
| headers                       | no        | none           | Map of key/value pairs that will be injected as HTTP headers when requesting the target URL |

> | authorization.type            | yes       | none           | Type of authorization protocol configured on the API. Currently only `oauth2` is supported, refer to [OAuth2 Support](/docs/publishers/publisher-http-poller/#oauth-2-0-support) |

Reviewer 2: The oauth authorization is not mandatory. Consider to add in this table only the field "authorization" then in a separate table all the specific fields for the authorization

| clientId                      | yes       | none           | The client identifier issued during the registration process  |
| clientSecret                  | yes       | none           | The client secret issued during the registration process  |
| provider                      | yes       | none           | Target URL of the authorization server |

> | mode                          | yes       | header         | Whether to send [client password](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1) via body or basic authorization header |

Reviewer 2: move these fields in a dedicated Authorization table in the Auth 2.0 support section

}
```

### Authorization with OAuth 2.0

The HTTP Poller Publisher is able to fetch data from an API that is secured with [OAuth2 protocol](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749).

> As The HTTP Poller publisher will authenticate to the authorization server without any end-user interaction, the OAuth2 authorization grant type supported is [client credentials](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-4.4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the HTTP Poller publisher will authenticate to the authorization server without any end-user interaction, the only OAuth2 authorization grant type supported is [client credentials](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-4.4).
```

> The HTTP Poller publisher is able to initiate an OAuth2 authorization workflow with the following capabilities:

Reviewer: I am not so happy with my suggestion but the original sentence seems heavy.
```suggestion
The OAuth2 authorization workflow will follow these constraints: 
```

Author: What about _The OAuth2 authorization workflow is implemented with the following limitations:_

> * The HTTP Poller publisher initiates an OAuth2 authorization workflow on the authorization server url on every polling. Refresh token mechanism is not implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The OAuth2 authorization workflow is initiated on the authorization server url on every polling. Refresh token mechanism is not implemented.
```

> * The HTTP Poller publisher is able to manage access token of type [Bearer](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-7.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only [Bearer token](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-7.1) is supported.
```

Author: I would add something about access token, maybe:
- Only access token of type [Bearer](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-7.1) is supported.

> * The HTTP Poller publisher makes his authorization request via a `POST` method on the authorization server. Client password are sent either via `header` or `body`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The authorization request is made via a `POST` method on the authorization server and the client credentials are sent either via `header` or `body`.
```

Here is the OAuth2 authorization configuration :

| Attribute                     | Mandatory | Default Value  | Description            |
| ----------------------------- | --------- | -------------- | ---------------------- |
| type                          | yes       | none           | Type of authorization protocol configured on the API. Currently only `oauth2` is supported |
| clientId                      | yes       | none           | The client identifier issued during the registration process  |
| clientSecret                  | yes       | none           | The client secret issued during the registration process  |
| provider                      | yes       | none           | Target URL of the authorization server |

> | mode                          | yes       | header         | Whether to send [client password](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1) via `body` or basic authorization `header` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mode                          | yes       | header         | Whether to send [client credentials](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1) via `body` or basic authorization `header` |
```

Author: The RFC references client password for this, that is why I've put _client password_. client credentials might also be confusing with the grant type (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-1.3.4).
Any thoughts ?
